So, welcome to Including Our Own Header Files. In this video, we'll be explaining why
you never use a namespace or use the keyword
using namespace in a dot header file. We'll actually stop using it
altogether. So over here in main(), where we used to
have using namespace standard, we're going to get rid of that and show you the alternative.
We are going to create our first .cpp file that actually is
associated with a header file, so we'll have a FBCowGame.h. we should have already got,
but we'll also have the .cpp file with empty methods. And
we'll talk about change of includes, a little bit about #include and how they work together. So, let's get on with it!
So here we are, back at our merry code! And the first priority
is to get rid of this error. The error is caused because it doesn't understand (string).
So, what we need to do is #include something. Do you know what we need to #include?
Well, I'll forgive you if you said , but actually
in this case, we may as well be more specific and #include  itself,
because that's directly what we're trying to do. Now, how do I
get (string) to work, once I've done that? I go (std::string);
instead, and all is right with the world again.
Let's just compile our code now and run it and make sure that it works. Good!
So we're now in a state where it runs, which is where we want to be most of the time.
Now, what you do not do
is using namespace inside a header file.
If you do that and you include that header file somewhere else, you're going to completely loose track
of what namespaces you have access to, and you have open and that's a nightmare. In fact,
it's such a nightmare that a lot of people advocate not using
namespace at all, and I'm going to suggest we stop using it. I used it the first
time around, to make your syntax look simpler and also to introduce you
to it, because you're going to see it on the web. You're going to see it in all sorts of places, when you do some
searching. But we're going to get rid of it, because it's too dangerous. You're going
to end up putting it in a header file, one day. You're better off just being completely
explicit like this, and also by the way, this is much easier to search for. This is a very specific
searchable thing inside your code. So, what I want you to do is
remove all references to using
namespace, which is only in your main.cpp file. So, go ahead and delete using namespace.
When you do that, you're code is going to break. Try and do Control, F,
5, now. You're going to get all sorts of errors, starting with this string,
at the top. So, let me show you how to start sorting it out. Then, I'm going to challenge you to go and
finish sorting it out. What you want to do is go to string, go to Edit,
Find and Replace, Quick Replace. That's one of the easiest ways.
Control, H remember that! And then, what we're going to do is, where we see string we're going to
replace it with std::string. OK, I'm going to
skip over that first one. If you look through, you can use this button I'm clicking on
here, to go through the searches,
right. And then, when it gets to the top, it says it's finished starting. I'm
not going to show that in the future. So, I can comfortably click through the whole lot now.
So, you can see the one that's highlighted in gray there. So, I'm currently at this
guy, and then, I'm going to use this button here to replace. And it's saying it
can't find anymore occurrences, so you go Next. You just have a quick preview
of them all, and then, you say Replace All OK.
Now of course, it may have done this one here, which just is the only one that doesn't make sense.
Alright, just checking that you haven't got double replacements, because if you replace
all, that's basically how you do it. Let me do it slightly more competently the second time.
Let's look down our file. Look for the red dots over here, see where it first complains again.
It complains at cout. I'm going to use Control and H for quick replace.
I'm going to replace cout with std::cout, like that,
and I'm going to boldly hit Replace All. Boom, "8 occurrences
replaced." I'm going to have a look through and see if it's caused me any complete nightmares.
It hasn't and there you go! We're
just going to finish that off, look for the other things that don't work, replace them.
Pause the video, do that now, there's no challenge slide up, and I'll come back to you in two
seconds. Cool! Alright, so I'm just going to finish this off with
a few more Control H's, endl endl.
Replace All OK. So now,
it's found our endl's. What else has it got a concern about? It's done a double replace there or
I have because I've been a fool. What else have we got? OK, getline!
Let's do these ones manually. Standard getline also cin itself.
Alright and here we go! Standard
getline standard cin. Great!
Alright, let's recompile our code! Control, F, 5. It all works now!
It came up! I put it away a bit quickly but it all works! That's great news! Now,
a little bit later on, I'm actually going to make a type substitution of this to something else
that we're going to see inside Unreal, called
fstring or ftext, so we start to get even more used to Unreal
syntax. Actually, the situation will get better gain, but for now, let's
go from having our eye in to the simple clean stuff, that without
actually being able to train ourselves to read this as well. I want you to be as multi-
talented as possible when it comes to reading C++, so that when you need to go and dive
online and say how do I do this in C++ when you're making your own game, you can read lots of
different peoples' code. That's really important OK! It's not all sterile code out there. This is
actually much more strict, much more correct in many ways. It's just a little bit more
noisy, which is absolutely fine! Great, so what we need to do next is
we need to actually make ourselves a .cpp file and
include this stuff, so that we can start implementing some of these things that
we have here. These greens are saying it can't find a definition
for these things, alright. So, one simple way to do that, by the way, would
be to right-click here and go to Quick Actions. I showed you before how to enable that
in the Tools and Options Menu, if you need to. Create
definition of it, and look what happens! It has already made you an
FBullCowGame.cpp file. OK, it's showing you a peak into
that file, and then, you could open the file here by double-clicking in Source.
I like to have things ordered like this. Main, because main is well
it's arguable where you put main, so FBullCowGame.h
first, for sure, because that thing gets pulled in here, which main
uses as well. Alright, so what we've got now, what it's done
for us is this. It's #include "FBullCowGame.h"
but in quotes you see, because I said that if you're looking for something on a standard
library, use chevrons, but if you're looking for something of your own you go quotes
and it will help us autocomplete. And then, it's fleshed out FBullCowGame::
Reset() method, and it has no actual
implementation right now. But if we go back to the header file, close this little
preview window, you can see over here that Reset() is no longer
complaining, so I simply want you to finish writing blank definitions.
Write blank definitions to all of the definitions and ensure there are not warnings left in the .h file.
Welcome back! This is a simple job,
thanks to these tools! In fact, I'm going to use Control and dot for the quick action. Create a
definition, and then, I'm just going to close it and trust it. I'm going to come down here,
Control and dot, create definition, close it and trust it.
Down here, Control, dot, create definition, close it and trust it.
Now, we can go and look over here. Look it's done loads of work for us, it's even returned the right
things. The only thing it hasn't done is put a return at the end of Reset(), and I want
to return there. I said we should always think about what we're going to be returning, even
if it's nothing. Alright, so that's that! Now, one question would be where is...
Oh, GetMaxTries() is OK! Sorry! Here's game 1. 1, 2,
3, 4, 5. Five methods! How many have we got in here? 1, 2,
3, 4, so we're missing 1. Is it the IsGameWon(),
GetMaxTries(), Reset(), GetMaxTries(), GetCurrentTry()?
It's GetCurrentTry()! I don't know, to be honest, why it isn't complaining about...
Yes I do! Ah hah hah! Look GetCurrentTry(), it's
not complaining here because it's not a method! I should have added brackets after it!
OK, so that's the problem! And this, what I've done here,
is I've defined a variable and you can't implement a variable, so brackets.
Easy enough mistake to make. So right here, create definition,
and we're good to go! It doesn't matter if the order is the same in here,
that's not important, but it has actually put it in order. So great, we've done a
load of work there! We now have a file that is effectively, once it's finished doing
this #include, it's very much what we're doing in main(). We're defining
these methods just like we did here in main(), where we put prototypes at the top
here. The difference being here, we've wrapped it in some sort of class and
said that these are public. Now, we'll understand a lot more about what that means later, but well done in
adding more skeleton to your code and we're doing really nicely
here. So, pat yourself on the back, and I'll see you in the next video!